# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Add support to array-type endpoints.
- Add support for multiple date formats for datetime and datetimearray values
- Sending data on an endpoint not present in interface now triggers an exception.
- Sending an object with fewer data than needed now triggers an exception.
- Sending a non-numeric value on an endpoint with type Double now triggers an exception.
### Changed
- Data is now validated against their exact types.
- Update Gradle to latest stable 7.2
- [android] Update Android Gradle plugin and Android target version

## [1.0.4] - Unreleased
### Added
- Add check that prevents sending an interface with both major and minor version set to 0
- Add capability to dynamically update the introspection
- Add handle for the sessionPresent flag from the broker
- Add check that prevents sending unchanged properties.

## [1.0.3] - 2022-07-05

## [1.0.2] - 2022-04-14

## [1.0.1] - 2021-12-20

## [1.0.0] - 2021-07-02
### Added
- Add methods that generate an Astarte Device ID using either a random UUIDv4 or by deriving an UUIDv5 using unique data.
- Astarte Device register.
### Changed
- Add conditional signing of the package to ease the use of jitpack.io service

### Fixed
- [android] Fix Astarte Device id generation.

## [1.0.0-rc.0] - 2021-05-10
### Added
- [generic] Support to Maven Repository publish

### Changed
- [generic] Use ECDSA instead of RSA for key generation

## [1.0.0-beta.2] - 2021-03-30
### Added
- Compatibility with Android > 10
- Misc examples

### Fixed
- Datastream validation
- Change keygen parameters

## [0.11.5] - Unreleased
### Changed
- Remove all direct casts in getProperty methods of `AstartePropertyInterface` class.
- Improve behavior in AstartePairableDevice class when disconnection was received.
### Fixed
- Fix ClassCastException generated by AstarteGenericPropertyStorage when deserialize method was called.
- Caching of server bound properties now works when a PropertyStorage is available.
- Fix compatibility list for string type in `AstarteInterfaceMapping` class.

## [0.11.4] - 2021-03-30
### Added
- Initial release
